hey guys level-cap here today I've got
an episode of double vision where my
team you and I are gonna be facing off
against each other showing you both our
perspectives and one of us is gonna pick
again and the other one is going to pick
the attachments enjoy let's go with the
uts-15 see uts-15 I just got right
nauseous we are gonna go with the iron
sights yeah I got this I would hope so
we're gonna use the flashlight natural
duck-billed it's in the it's in the
bottom of the gun that's cool alright I
use the duck fill that looks awesome
customization wise and then we're gonna
go with the dart actually you know this
could be this could be decent all right
I'm running black shark camo it's not
like it's like they should call it
orange shark orange shark black shark is
a terrible name for that camo I'm going
quick response cuz it looks awesome
alright oh my goodness gracious look at
that
yeah that crosshair don't even know
about it
I don't think how she's doctor about you
you know it's extra good about duck bill
is you don't actually get a bonus
multiply for headshots or seconds
doesn't that make feel good oh that's
good this is awful I just killed a guy
because he miss me like horribly pretty
good spawning huh
I am by the a objective or they just got
second whoo and if we had maybe like a
med pack this would be amazing
no doubt the best loadout ever but uh
nope nope RPG for long arrangement that
was missus strategy motion I was mating
yeah go tell no see you
Krakens yes oh my lord but it spreads
out so you can kill multiple people well
you can end up yelps really nicely with
it when they're when they're head
glitching which is really great
considering the shotguns and do extra
damage for headshots oh god oh god oh
god indeed but he's not gonna save you
now it's not gonna send now uh you're
all underneath there so I'm going to do
the loop bead loop and get shot in the
back
oh no never Hey you think you're so
clever and get shot there aw come on
yellow shot in the face good shot best
tag line maker ever yeah perfect timing
up up what what what move up right in
the back sir
it's so inconsistent sub shots are like
dead on one one shot one oh I missed the
first shot was I no no I thought you
were gonna kill me I love this
flashlight it's really illuminating the
area in front of me yeah Oh get over
here using it monkey that's right dammit
mm-hmm
okay god this map has too much
verticality I have no idea where the
enemies are on the mini-map they're
right behind you
oh my god my Tammy think you're so
clever so clever
come on your work bitch
cool audio hey let's go to your hick
yeah you thought I was there
oh how did you not kill me no I I killed
the guy behind you as I directly fired
into you but not you
I thought it was dead I gave up and then
I realized I was and I was like oh fuck
it
yeah you you should have been dead about
it data I have no idea how you survived
through that because I'm so skillful in
bed yet man you had Zeus looking over
your shoulder and you guys ah get that
RPG out of your hand sir I was trying to
kill that damn sniper on top of that
double stack over there good it's night
me my spawn dickbag dick back again Mead
oh oh fuck off you still look there
oh shit are you sitting I'm not moving
around the map so freaking fast because
I move I'm I've got legs
I'm Apollo ham hey a level oh you bitch
nice cool man B you are going to die oh
this map wait
good oh is that right Jim yeah yeah oh
oh no come on you would fine fine
Duke I just do stand then you are a son
of a bitch man check and gildner ltl
even la grenade without the RPG uh I am
disappointed oh yeah
how are you not dead geez
there we go three shots the charm like
it him his purpose you you are probably
the coolest uncool person ever oh all
right
so far so good I'm still alive that's
usually good crackin no crack outs one
shot don't don't even know how but that
one shot was all I needed
bullshit I know hitters snipers over
there you have your team has so many
fucking snipers it is not even funny
I am now laughing I'm giggling like a
little freaking schoolgirl
crackin yeah
cracker please you know what I know
where you are
why am I going this way
no back up man come on up
you